hey what's up in this video I'm going to
tell you about the eight streams of
income that I've built before the age of
25 and how you can build something
similar first of all let me say this you
don't build eight streams of income all
at once you probably don't even build
eight streams of income in one year it's
taken me about seven or eight years of
owning my own business and being an
adult and being separated from my
parents financially independent to build
these eight streams of income and also
they are streams of income so let me
backtrack and even describe what the
heck even is a stream of income
essentially it's a way that you're
making money that's really what a stream
of income is but the idea here is that
if you have multiple streams of income
you could have one or two or three of
them damned up and blocked so that
there's nothing flowing down the stream
and you'd still be okay because your
other streams are all ultimately feeding
the river and the river is the money
that is flowing into and through
yourself your bank account and your
business so the eight streams of income
that I'm about to describe to you have
been built over the course of many years
and most of them started with maybe a
few dollars a month maybe even just a
couple bucks here and there every once
in a while and then over time they build
they start to scale they start to expand
and those streams start looking more
like Rivers themselves also these eight
streams of income that I'm about to
describe to you are separate verticals
basically what I mean by that is I'm not
going to break up each and every single
individual thing that I do I'm going to
lump things like brand Partnerships on
Instagram in with brand Partnerships on
Tick Tock I'm not going to count those
as separate streams of income but let's
not jump ahead of ourselves before we
get into the actual eight streams of
income up to my most profitable most
successful stream of income and also I
just want to note that I am married my
wife has her own streams of income we do
have some that overlap but she provides
her own income for our family and even
our dogs who are social media
influencers they provide their own
sources of income for our family as well
and actually I think I lied counting it
all up now I actually have 10 streams of
income rather than just eight so
starting off with number 10 my least
profitable or least successful stream of
income is reselling also known as
flipping I know some people who are
wildly successful with this there are
some people who do this as their
full-time job for myself it's not
something I'm passionate about but it is
something I do from time to time
basically whenever I have a new piece of
gear a new Gadget or even some new
clothing or furniture that I love I will
sell what I had before so when I get a
new camera I'll sell my old camera when
I get a new snowboard I'll sell my old
snowboard and even though this might not
be the traditional form of flipping or
reselling where you're looking for a
bargain and then immediately reselling
it basically this is making sure that
I'm having some income from the things
that I otherwise would just throw away
my ninth most profitable stream of
income is donations badges gifts they go
by different names on different
platforms but it's essentially usually
when I go live on Instagram or on Tick
Tock and people are donating things
they're sending gifts they're sending
Stars they're sending uh badges over on
Instagram and usually it's like 99 Cents
or a dollar 29 for each of these gifts
and oftentimes these people are donating
these things in order to potentially win
something like a profile review or a
real review or a business critique or to
answer their questions uh but this does
ultimately provide some form of income
for myself and my family and again for
some people this is their primary source
of income ninja the popular video game
streamer makes millions of dollars every
single year based off these donations
But ultimately when I'm evaluating my
time my hour is worth more than going
live for that hour that's not to say
there's no value in going live but the
amount that I'll make off gifts and
donations during one hour of going live
is usually around 50 to 100 and I can
make much more with coaching and doing
some of these other revenue streams that
we're going to talk about in just a
second my eighth most profitable stream
of income is subscriptions now some of
you might be more familiar with
something like only fans or patreon but
Instagram does have Instagram
subscriptions so that is something that
I offer to my most loyal and engaged
followers again this is something that
would be a lot more profitable if I
poured more time energy and resources
into it but really I don't provide my
Instagram subscribers with tons of crazy
advice or new content and so I've set
the bar really really low and I've also
set the price tag really really low it's
only 4.99 per month to subscribe to my
Instagram account and what you unlock
with that Instagram subscription is some
q and A's here and there occasional
private Instagram lives occasional
private Instagram stories some behind
the scenes content some more raw
unfiltered content for me but you're not
unlocking all of my Instagram tips and
secrets for 4.99 but with that being
said having the subscribers that I do
have does provide some income every
single month I haven't come up with a
good word for my seventh stream of
income but basically it's social media
directly paying me for the views that
I'm getting on that app on Instagram
it's Real's bonuses on check talk it's
the tick tock Creator fun and on YouTube
it's YouTube AdSense ultimately these
are at the discretion and I am at the
whim of whatever these social networks
decide they're going to be paying people
for the amount of views that they're
receiving and I'm also at the mercy of
the algorithms that dictate how many
views I'm getting so this isn't again a
substantial source of income and it's
also something that's slightly outside
of my control but getting directly paid
from the content that I'm producing and
the views that that content is getting
is a nice supplemental income every
single month my sixth stream of income
is affiliate pay and this is basically
where I promote a product and then I get
a percentage back for the amount of
sales that I've made so let's say I was
promoting this microphone on my
Instagram stories and then for every
single person who bought it I made ten
dollars this is just an example but
affiliate marketing is something that I
started probably about seven years ago
now and it's only grown since then and
the great thing about affiliate
marketing is that you don't have to have
a huge following you don't have to have
an extensive background in social media
or content creation to get started
basically find your favorite products
that you would normally recommend and
promote anyways go to Google and Google
the name of the product plus the word
affiliate and then sign up usually all
it takes is a name email maybe a bank
account or credit card information where
they can pay you but that's really it
most of them don't have very strict
criteria because at the end of the day
you're asking a company if you can
promote their product which most
companies want you to do and then you'll
earn a fee be it 10 10 25 I've seen even
up to 50 percent for the sales that
you're making and then it's up to you
how much you want to sell and how much
you want to promote that product my
fifth income stream is coaching now in
2020 when the world was on lockdown I
was doing like nine hours of one-on-one
coaching per day and at that time
coaching was probably my number one or
number two stream of income
unfortunately for me that just wasn't
sustainable and I felt really burnt out
and overwhelmed and emotionally drained
with having to spend hours on Zoom every
day talking to clients I did learn a lot
I did think it was really valuable I'm
really blessed us to be able to coach so
many people and to get to build
relationships with all those people but
for me this wasn't the most scalable
stream of income ultimately I was tied
to the number of hours in a day and the
number of people I could coach I still
do offer one-on-one coaching but on a
very limited application only basis and
for a much higher ticket than I used to
sell it for my fourth stream of income
is Investments now this could be really
high on the list or really low on the
list depending on how the market is
doing but I will say I'm a long-term
investor I'm not a short-term investor
looking to buy and sell I'm not a day
trader I invest in companies that I
think are going to be successful in the
long run and I should say that when I'm
speaking of investing I'm referring to
the stock market because that's the
primary place I do my investing I don't
do too much with real estate investing
or cryptocurrency or anything else like
that it's really just the stock market
the S P 500 and I'm a long-term investor
so I invest in companies that I like
that I trust that I think are going
somewhere and I'm in it for the long
haul so I'm I'm likely not going to take
my money out anytime soon and that
allows me to be less at the whim of the
day-to-day ups and downs of the market
my third most profitable income stream
is brand Partnerships and sponsorships
this is something that has really grown
for me in 2022 as I've started to pick
more Brands to partner and collaborate
with and it's been really successful and
rewarding to get to show new companies
new products and services to my audience
that I would otherwise promote anyways
and get paid for doing so and as I've
started doing more brand Partnerships
more brands have recognized that that's
something that I do and something that
I'm good at and they started to reach
out to me for these brand Partnerships
as well my second most profitable stream
of income is public speaking and for
public speaking I don't just count
speaking on stages I also include Zoom
trainings workshops master classes and
coaching that I do virtually to online
groups but public speaking has become a
major source of income for myself and
it's something that I really enjoy doing
because I'm able to coach hundreds if
not thousands of people at once and
deliver some serious valuable
information rather than just making it a
one-on-one conversation where I'm really
only helping one person at a time my
number one most successful and
profitable stream of income is online
courses I started my first online course
when I was 19 years old it costed 19 and
it was called unwrapped snap it was a
way for moms to keep their teens safe on
Snapchat and it's grown and evolved
since then I've had courses anywhere
from Seven dollars all the way up to
twenty five hundred dollars and I've had
courses that were one-off payments some
that were annual payments and some that
were reoccurring monthly subscriptions I
have found the most success with the
subscription model where people pay a
small monthly fee in order to remain
active in the course and be able to
access all of the content and
information my most successful course to
date has been the insta Club Hub which
is our Instagram coaching membership
where we offer Instagram tips and advice
to help you grow and make more sales on
Instagram for a monthly fee we also have
have annual options as well and my
second most successful course that I'm a
part of is the marketing impact Academy
which is truly more like a full Business
Academy than it is of course but that is
also my most expensive offer that I
actively sell and promote ultimately one
of my big goals for 2023 is to start to
incorporate more passive income which
basically means turning more of these
income streams into things that continue
flowing without me having to do any work
without me having to put in any extra
hours my goal is to work on my business
not in my business so let me know down
in the comments what streams of income
you have what streams of income you're
surprised stand out on my list or maybe
if you're surprised by the order of some
of these things again though you build
one stream of income at a time you can't
build eight at once you have to get one
snowball rolling downhill and you can
start another snowball rolling downhill
and you can start a third snowball
rolling downhill but it takes time it
takes consistency and dedication but I
believe you can do it thank you so much
for watching today and if you found this
video educational in any way I hope you
press the Subscribe button button and
you press the like button as well
because it really helps me reach more
people and I want you to consider
subscribing as well because every single
week here on this YouTube channel I post
at least one educational video about
growing your following or making more
money online thanks for watching